Do you believe
in “learning by doing”?
We do!
With simpleshow interactive.
Our e-learning solutions combine
storytelling with interactivity.
Why?
Because if we see,
try and explore for ourselves
– it just clicks!
Let’s take a closer look at our interactive formats!
Level 1 is all about quizzes!
But with us, the questions don’t feel like an exam.
They engage the learner to repeat the main messages
– and empower you to prove the learning success.
In level 2, we involve the learner even more.
With playful interactions he can discover your topic,
understand the connections and see the big picture behind.
At level 3, everything is possible.
No matter if you need a full online course
or an innovative solution
– this level can turn any topic
into an interactive learning experience.
So let’s do this!
Choose your favorite
and we will send your target group
on a learning journey they’ll never forget.
Get your very own simpleshow interactive!
Contact us now!